Futbolistic

Heroku link

https://trello.com/b/y61UGWur/futbolistic

Minimum Viable Product

Futbolistic is a web application inspired by BleacherReport built using Ruby on Rails and React/Redux. By the end of Week 9, this app will, at a minimum, satisfy the following criteria with smooth, bug-free navigation, adequate seed data and sufficient CSS styling:

 Hosting on Heroku
 New account creation, login, and guest/demo login
 Stories
 Stories under a topic using a tag
 Different topics and subscriptions to topics
 Feeds to display articles for User subscriptions
 Follows and feeds for follows
 Rich Text Editing
 Infinite Scroll
 Production README sample
 Design Docs


Implementation Timeline

Phase 1: Backend setup and Front End User Authentication (2 days)

Objective: Functioning rails project with front-end Authentication

Phase 2: Stories Model, API, and components (2 days)

Objective: Stories can be created, read, edited and destroyed through the API.

Phase 3: Topics, Tags, & Feeds (2 days)

Objective: Stories can be tagged with multiple tags. Each tag has a topic. They then belong to the associated topic. Stories belong to Topics that can be created and destroyed through the API. There can then be a feed made for each topic, of all stories tagger by that topic.

Phase 4: Comments, Subscriptions & Feeds (1 day, W2 Th 6pm)

Objective: Allow users to have subscriptions to topics that will display a feed of all stories associated with all of their topics. Allow users to comment on stories.

Phase 5: Allow Complex Styling in Stories and infinite scroll (1 day, W2 Th 6pm)

Objective: Allow rich text editing of stories. Add infinite scroll to Stories
           Index and Feeds.

Phase 6: - Follows (1 day, W2 F 6pm)

Objective: Implement Followers and Follows Indexes, and a Feed of stories published by followed authors.

Bonus Features (TBD)

 Bookmark specific stories
 have a bookmarked stories feed
 Create different user classifications
 Allow different user privileges
